https://codepen.io/deepak-007/pen/oNwbpMM


    1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML are commands that provide meaning in the words. 
    2. What is HTML used for?  Hyper Text Markup Language - it provides structure for the website.   
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element such as width and height of an image.  They are specified in the start tag (opening tag) and usually conist of name - "value"
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? H1 is the main heading tag and the most important heading and should only be used once.  
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.  img and nav tags.  
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The ,head. tag and it defines the head portion of the document.  The <head> tag contains other head elements such as <title>, <meta>, <lik>, <style>, etc.  
    7. What is an id? The id global attributes defines an identifier that is unique in the whole document.  It's purpose is to identify the element when linking, scripting or styleing in CSS.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? All elements can have an ID.  
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?   Once per page.
    10. What is a class?  The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.  
    11. What elements can I add a class to? All elements can be used for a class name.  
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? Multiple times.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? To let the algorithem, google and visually impaired people know what the image is all about.  
    15. How do I reference an id?  #ID_name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div.  A section provides information about the area in question while the div is just a divider and doesn't pass on semantic meaning.  
    17. What is CSS used for? It provides the exterior or looks to a website.  
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page element{}.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one.  A class can be assigned to multiple elements while an ID is only assigned to one element.  
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class_name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? It's when you select an element nested in another element i.e. Child element that belongs to a Parent element.  
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?.sidebar links{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?  CSS pseudo-classes are used to add styles to selectors, but only when those selectors meet certain conditions. A pseudo class is expressed by adding a colon (:) after a selector in CSS, followed by a pseudo-class such as "hover", "focus", or "active"
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? we use the line-height property in CSS
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? the letter-spacing CSS property.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? text-transform: uppercase lowercase? text-transform:lowercase Capitalize? text-transform: capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1pm dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{} 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?/* Comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm <file name>
    34. Why should I use version control?  Helps me keep track of what I've submitted for review but also allows me to go back to my previous versions easily 
    35. How often should I commit to github?  Every 20 mins.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin "user-name"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.  Fork the code, copy the HTTPS version of the code, go to directory where Lambda projects reside, git clone <link to repo>, CD into <link to repo> folder, git checkout-b "Name" to make my own branch, code . to start programming, git add . add repo changes and make ready for commiting, git commit -m "Comments" to add comments to the branch, git push -u "Name" to push the file to the Github, then merge with correct master copy.   

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? inline elements don't have a height or width while block elements.  
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? block:in-line auto.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default.  img, H1, P are all block.  <span> is inline as is 
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

This should be upto date.  Testing this.  


